{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27440\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 HOW TO REPLICATE RESULTS\
\
* Create a folder for all relevant materials.\
* Create subfolder called Code, DataFromDryad, Results.  Within Results create subfolders called Figures and called Tables.\
* Obtain data from Dryad and put them in the DataFromDryad folder.  Specifically, retrieve the 3 data files below:\
\
	Conception data set
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 (conception data_4.16.2024.dta)\
	Live birth data set, Stata format (live birth data_4.16.2024.dta)\
	Infant survival data set, Stata format (infant survival data_4.16.2024.dta)\
\
If you want to work outside Stata, work with the CSV files.\
\
For more information on the data on Dryad, please see the separate README_dryad.rtf on Dryad.  You can also see the contents of this file in the section on DATA FROM DRYAD below.\
\
* Download the Stata *.do file and put in the Code folder.\
* Modify the pathnames in the global macros that define libraries (lines 20-29 of the do file).\
* Before running, make sure you have have installed the Stata packages on lines 8-12.  You can do this by uncommenting those lines.\
* Run the do file.  It will deposit Figure 2 in the Figures folder and Tables 4-6 in the Tables folder.  Note 1: This file only creates Figure 2 for infant survival.  If you want to create the same figure for other outcomes, uncomment line 250.  Note 2: Each table has 2 files.  One is a wrapper (eg tab_conception.tex) and one is the contents of the table (eg tab_conception_input.tex). \
\
DATA FROM DRYAD\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 These data sets correspond to the analyses described in Rosenbaum et al. 2024, \'93Testing frameworks for early life effects: the developmental constraints and adaptive response hypotheses do not explain key fertility outcomes in wild female baboons.\'94 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 All three of the below data sets are described in detail in Section 2 and Tables 2 and 3 in the main text of the paper:\ulnone \
\
	Conception data set
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 (conception_data_4.16.2024.dta OR conception_data_4.16.2024.csv)\
	Live birth data set (live_birth_data_4.16.2024.dta OR live_birth_data_4.16.2024.csv)\
	Infant survival data set (infant_survival_data_4.16.2024.dta OR infant_survival_data_4.16.2024.csv)\
\
\ul The data set below is described in Section D and Table A5 in the supplementary materials:\ulnone \
\
Restricted version of the conception data set (conception_data_restricted_4.16.2024.dta OR conception_data_restricted_4.16.2024.csv)\
\ul \
Outcome variables (1 per data set; \'93conception\'94 is the outcome in both conception_data_4.16.2024 *and* conception_data_restricted_4.16.2024)\ulnone \
\
conception: did the female subject conceive in the calendar month that corresponds with this observation, given that she was cycling on the first day of the calendar month (0=N, 1=Y)?
\f1\b \
\

\f0\b0 livebirth: did the female subject give birth to a live infant, given that she was pregnant (0=N, 1=Y)?\

\f1\b \

\f0\b0 infsurvival: did the female subject\'92s infant live to 70 weeks, given that she gave birth to a live infant (0=N, 1=Y)?\
\ul \
Predictor variables (common to all three data sets)\

\f1\b \ulnone \

\f0\b0 age: age of the female subject when the fertility event occurred (described in detail in supplementary Table A.4)\
\
age2: age variable squared\
\
group: identifies the social group the female subject lived in when the fertility event occurred\
\
grp_size: total number of animals living in the female subject\'92s social group when the fertility event occurred (described in detail in supplementary Table A.4)\
\
id: identity of the female subject\
\
e0rank: proportional rank that the subject\'92s mother held in the year following the subject\'92s birth (i.e., early life rank; described in detail in supplementary Tables A1-A3)\
\
e1rank: proportional rank that the subject held when the fertility event occurred (i.e., adult rank; described in detail in Table 3 and Figure 1 in the main text, and in supplementary Tables A1-A3)\
\
e0rain: mean monthly rainfall (in mm) in the first 12 months of the subject\'92s life (i.e., early life rainfall; described in detail in supplementary Tables A1-A3 ) \
\
e1rain: mean monthly rainfall (in mm) in the 12 months preceeding the fertility event (i.e., adult rainfall; described in detail in Table 2 and Figure 1 in the main text, and in supplementary Tables A1-A3)\
\
rain_analysis_sample: indicates whether a given observation was used in the analyses that examine the effects of rainfall (0=was not used, 1=was used). In cases where this variable = 0, e0rain will be missing. \
}